“In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.” – Terry Pratchett
“I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It’s not. Mine had me trained in two days.” – Bill Dana
“Cats are inquisitive, but hate to admit it.” – Mason Cooley
“As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the humankind.” – Cleveland Amory
“I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.” – Hippolyte Taine
“There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.” – Albert Schweitzer
“Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.” – Christopher Hitchens
“A happy arrangement: many people prefer cats to other people, and many cats prefer people to other cats.” – Mason Cooley
“It is impossible for a lover of cats to banish these alert, gentle, and discriminating friends, who give us just enough of their regard and complaisance to make us hunger for more.” – Agnes Repplier
“How we behave toward cats here below determines our status in heaven.” – Robert A. Heinlein
“I used to love dogs until I discovered cats.” – Nafisa Joseph
“I love cats because I enjoy my home; and little by little, they become its visible soul.” – Jean Cocteau
“I have felt cats rubbing their faces against mine and touching my cheek with claws carefully sheathed. These things, to me, are expressions of love.” – James Herriot
“I love my cats more than I love most people. Probably more than is healthy.” – Amy Lee
“Every cat is my best friend.” – Unknown
“All you need is love and a cat.” – Unknown
“What greater gift than the love of a cat?” – Unknown
“No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens.” – Abraham Lincoln
“The smallest feline is a masterpiece.” – Leonardo da Vinci
“Kittens are angels with whiskers.” – Alexis Flora Hope
“A kitten is in the animal world what a rosebud is in the garden.” – Robert Southey
“A kitten is the delight of a household. All day long a comedy is played out by an incomparable actor.” –Champfleury
“Heaven will never be Paradise unless my cats are there waiting for me.” – Unknown
“Cats leave paw prints in your heart, forever and always.” – Unknown
“When the cat you love becomes a memory, the memory becomes a treasure.” – Unknown
“No one can truly understand the bond we form with the cats we love until they experience the loss of one.” – Unknown
“The memories and paw print of a beloved cat remains in our heart and soul forever.” – Unknown
“Perhaps one reason we are fascinated by cats is because such a small animal can contain so much independence, dignity, and freedom of spirit. Unlike the dog, the cat’s personality is never bet on a human’s. He demands acceptance on his own terms.” – Lloyd Alexander
“Cats know how to obtain food without labor, shelter without confinement, and love without penalties.” – W. L. George
“Cats have it all – admiration, an endless sleep, and company only when they want it.” – Rod McKuen
“Cats seem to go on the principle that it never does any harm to ask for what you want.” – Joseph Wood Krutch
“I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through.” – Jules Verne
“Way down deep, we’re all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.” – Jim Davis
“A cat has absolute emotional honesty: human beings, for one reason or another, may hide their feelings, but a cat does not.” – Ernest Hemingway
“Time spent with cats is never wasted.” – Sigmund Freud
“Cats rule the world.” – Jim Davis
“Like all pure creatures, cats are practical.” – William S. Burroughs
“Cats will outsmart dogs every time.” – John Grogan
“Cats choose us; we don’t own them.” – Kristin Cast